- add a undo button for individual colors / whole palette

-make paletteGenerating functions more DRY / dynamic

default nice palettes

save palettes

make pastel / vibrant effects to apply on top of other palettes

more modes? spring, autumn, summer, winter,

make variation customizable / on / off

dark and light mode

update color naming program

black/white text based on contrast

maybe add in a useRef to see if its the first render and if so populate the unlocked colors and colors array

make all components controlled

websafe colors

in generator footer - add little biuttons section for undo redo reset save


Code Reusability:

    If you find yourself repeating certain logic across functions, 
    consider creating helper functions. For example, functions to 
    clamp values within a range, or randomize within a range, can 
    be defined once and then reused.

Color Naming:

    Right now, each color is given a generic name of "name". Depending 
    on the purpose of your app, you might consider implementing a color 
    naming function. This function could provide a meaningful name 
    based on the HSL values, or simply generate a random name for fun.

Logging:

    You have console.log() statements in each function. If these are 
    for debugging purposes, that's fine. However, before production 
    deployment, consider removing them to keep the console clean. 
    Alternatively, you could introduce a logging level or a flag to 
    toggle logging on or off, so you can still access the logs if 
    needed, without cluttering the console for all users.

Hue Normalization:

    For hue values, it's possible to get negative values due to some 
    operations. Although % 360 is used to keep it within bounds, 
    consider always ensuring positive values, like so:
    currentHue = (currentHue + 360) % 360;

    This ensures that if currentHue was negative, it's wrapped around 
    to its positive equivalent.

Enhancements:

    For more advanced functionality, you might also consider adding:
        A color locking mechanism, so users can lock certain colors 
        they like while re-randomizing others.
        Functions to export the palette in different formats (e.g., 
        as CSS variables, a downloadable image, etc.)
        Ability to generate gradients based on two or more colors 
        from the generated palettes.

Testing:

    Since these functions handle a crucial part of your application, 
    consider writing tests for them. This will ensure that changes 
    or additions to the codebase don't accidentally introduce bugs 
    into the palette generation. Testing random functions can be 
    challenging, but you can still test boundaries, extreme values, 
    and expected types.

Optimization:

    In terms of performance, these functions should be pretty fast 
    and capable of generating palettes instantaneously. However, if
    you're looking to further optimize, you can analyze which parts
    of the code run the most frequently and see if there are more 
    efficient algorithms or methods to achieve the same result.